OSDOCS-16941: DITA abstracts — OLM catalog/config topics (#115366)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/olm-about-catalogs.adoc

[id="olm-about-catalogs_{context}"]
= About Operator catalogs

[role="_abstract"]

> An Operator catalog stores metadata that Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) queries to discover and install Operators and dependencies on {product-title}. You can package catalogs as index images and reference them from catalog sources to control available Operators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Operator catalog is a repository of metadata that Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) can query to discover and install Operators and their dependencies on a cluster. OLM always installs Operators from the latest version of a catalog.
```
